.TH "hash_tab" 3 "18 Oct 2006" "Version 1.0" "Analyser-PX" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
hash_tab \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "compare_function \fBcmpfn\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "key_function \fBkeyfn\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "delete_function \fBdelfn\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBsize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhash_entry\fP ** \fBtable\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBwalk_key\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhash_entry\fP * \fBwalk_loc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinside_walk\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBentries\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBmax_entries\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBhits\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBhits_visited\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBmisses\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBmisses_visited\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBtotal_insert\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhash_tab\fP * \fBnext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhash_tab\fP ** \fBprev\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 16 of file hashtab.c.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "compare_function \fBhash_tab::cmpfn\fP"
.PP
Function to compare two entries. 
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "delete_function \fBhash_tab::delfn\fP"
.PP
Function called when freeing an entry. 
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "unsigned long \fBhash_tab::entries\fP"
.PP
Total number of entries. 
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "unsigned long \fBhash_tab::hits\fP"
.PP
Total hits. 
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "unsigned long \fBhash_tab::hits_visited\fP"
.PP
Total number of entries visited on hits. 
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "const char* \fBhash_tab::id\fP"
.PP
''Name'' of hashtable, for stat display. 
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "int \fBhash_tab::inside_walk\fP"
.PP
Boolean set true when walking hash table. 
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "key_function \fBhash_tab::keyfn\fP"
.PP
Function to generate a key for an entry. 
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "unsigned long \fBhash_tab::max_entries\fP"
.PP
Max # of entries ever stored. 
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "unsigned long \fBhash_tab::misses\fP"
.PP
total misses. 
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "unsigned long \fBhash_tab::misses_visited\fP"
.PP
Total number of entried visited misses. 
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "struct \fBhash_tab\fP* \fBhash_tab::next\fP"
.PP
Next pointer to keep all hashtables in linked list. 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "struct \fBhash_tab\fP** \fBhash_tab::prev\fP"
.PP
Prev pointer to keep all hashtables in linked list. 
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "unsigned long \fBhash_tab::size\fP"
.PP
Size of the hashtable. 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "struct \fBhash_entry\fP** \fBhash_tab::table\fP"
.PP
Actual hashtable array. 
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "unsigned long \fBhash_tab::total_insert\fP"
.PP
Total number of entries ever inserted. 
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "unsigned long \fBhash_tab::walk_key\fP"
.PP
Current bucket when walking hash table. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file hashtab.c.
.SS "struct \fBhash_entry\fP* \fBhash_tab::walk_loc\fP"
.PP
Current entry when walking hash table. 
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file hashtab.c.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Analyser-PX from the source code.
